drivers: i2c: stm32 driver V2 new timing calculation (#59815)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/boards/stm32/i2c_config/README.rst

.. _i2c_config:

> STM32 i2c_config
> ################

Reviewer: What about making this sample specific to timing V2 only ?
```suggestion
STM32 I2C V2 timings
####################
```

For V1, this sample doesn't add much value and this would simplify the sample configuration a bit.

Author: done

Overview
********
This sample simply demonstrate the **get_config** API of the stm32 I2C driver.
The I2C peripheral configuration is checked regarding the I2C bitrate which can be:

	- <I2C_BITRATE_FAST_STANDARD>
	- <I2C_BITRATE_FAST>
	- <I2C_BITRATE_FAST_PLUS>

In case of the I2C V2, the I2C peripheral of the STM32 microcontrollers have
a TIMING register to write in order to generate the correct I2C clock signal.
This value depends on the peripheral clock input and the I2C speed.
The calculation of that TIMING value can be given by the `STM32CubeMX`_ application
**or** by the present sample.

> Because the code sequence to calculate the I2C V2 TIMING value is heavy,
> the i2c_ll_stm32_v2.c driver should not embed it.
> That piece of code is activated by the CONFIG_I2C_STM32_V2_TIMING flag
> which must **not be set** except by this sample.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the code sequence to calculate the I2C V2 TIMING value is heavy,
it is not advised to enable it in production binary.
By enabling CONFIG_I2C_STM32_V2_TIMING flag, this sample allows to 
retrieve timing register configuration for the defined ``clock-frequency``.
User can then configure timing in his application by adapting the following dts
snippet with the output of this sample:
```

Author: done

 .. code-block:: c

    &i2c {
        timings = <160000000 I2C_BITRATE_STANDARD  0xB0C03E40>,
                    <160000000 I2C_BITRATE_FAST  0xC041090F>,
                    <160000000 I2C_BITRATE_FAST_PLUS  0x6021050A>;
    }

Building and Running
********************

In order to run this sample, make sure to

- enable ``i2c`` node in your board DT file.
- alias the **i2c-0** to your ``i2c`` node of the board **overlay** file

 .. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/boards/stm32/i2c_config
   :board: b_u585i_iot02a
   :goals: build
   :compact:

Sample Output
=============
When setting the b_u585i_iot02a.overlay to

 .. code-block:: c

    / {
        aliases {
                    i2c-0 = &i2c2;

> 	 };

Reviewer: Please fix indentation.

Author: done
